PT-2368 - full refactor of a config library (#1064)
percona/percona-toolkit: src/go/pt-galera-log-explainer/README.rst

Available flags
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

``--config``

>     List of Percona Toolkit configuration file(s) separeted by comma without equal sign. Must be a first flag. Uses default config file locations if not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    List of Percona Toolkit configuration file(s) separated by a comma without an equal sign. Must be a first flag. Uses default config file locations if not specified.
```
